### Image 1
The SoilGrid API takes inputs as lat/lon pairs. While the database covers almost all of the world, while running the API for the first time, it became evident that not every coordinate input would provide actual results. The selected code was added to the call loop and would activate if the result for a particular location was null. The while loop changes the input lat/long by a random amount of up to no more than approx 1850 feet in either direct on both axes, updates the coordinates in the DataFrame and attempts the API call again, attempting to receive non-null value. If the resultant values returned null, the while loop would repeat, but add 10% to the random distance each iteration.

# Image 2
With the addition of the code to change slightly coordinates associated with the appelations, the final version of the API call loop was able to successfully obtain results for all appellations. As such, cleaning was kept to a minimal. However, the detail of the soil data, especially from depths of 0 to 100cm, was exceedinly fine for the analysis to be performed. With 11 soil parameters, most with six measurements, each appellation had 61 variables. The code here is one example of a loop used to summarize data from 0 to 100cm. The loop used a list of parameters, where two non-standard paremeters were dropped, and depth levels and created a measurement of the weighted mean. This reduced the variables for each appellation from 61 to 25 by reducing 5 of the measurements to 1 on 9 of the variables. Another similar operation reduced the variables on one parameter using a different averaging method. The 11th parameter only had 1 measurement. The final number of variables for each appelation was reduced to 21.
